Customer portal (#148)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/shop_administration/manage_users.md

---
description: You can manage and view customers and organizations' accounts in your system, including their shop activities such as orders.
---

# Customer management [[% include 'snippets/experience_badge.md' %]]

In the Back Office, you can manage members of your team,
customers and organizations' accounts in your system, including their shop activities such as orders.

> ## Create a new company

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create new company
```

To create a new company, go to **Members** -> **Companies** section.
There you can view a list of companies you have access to,
you can also edit them or create a new one by selecting **Create** button in the top right corner.

![Companies section](img/cp_companies_section_back_office.png)

To create a new company, you need to provide:

- name
- tax ID
- customer group
- sales representative
- billing address

Optionally, you can add a website and other contact details.

![Create a new company account](img/cp_create_company_back_office.png)

## Manage company

> Created companies can be managed from the Back Office in the **Members** -> **Companies** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existing companies can be managed from the Back Office in the **Members** -> **Companies** section.
```
or just
```suggestion
Companies can be managed from the Back Office in the **Members** -> **Companies** section.
```
or even better:
```suggestion
You can manage companies from the Back Office in the **Members** -> **Companies** section.
```

Each company has its own profile where you can find:

- summary with basic information and order history
- company profile with billing information and contact person
- list of members and pending invitations
- address book with multiple shipping addresses

![Company profile in the Back Office](img/cp_company_profile_back_office.png)

From there, you can edit the company information, invite members, manage their roles and edit their basic information.

> You can also add members to a team from existing pull of users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add members to a team from existing pool of users.
```
?

Note that the Contact Person in the company has to be a member of that company.

![Add Contact Person](img/cp_contact_person_back_office.png)

### Admin Panel

> You can also manage companies from **Admin**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also manage companies from **Admin** in the left menu.
```
maybe?

There, in the **Corporate** section, you can find a list of members,
billing addresses and technical details regarding the organization such as visibility, IDs, relations and so on.

![Corporate Back Office](img/cp_admin_company_view.png)

In the **Roles** section, you can define Policies for each User Group, for example, a Company buyer.

> You can also set up Policies for every user that is using business account by editing a **Corporate Access** role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set up Policies for every user who has a business account by editing a **Corporate Access** role.
```

> If you decide to remove any Policies from the **Corporate Access** role, the feature may not work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you remove any Policies from the **Corporate Access** role, the feature may not work properly.
```
is "the feature" the whole of Corporate accounts? Then this needs rephrasing. Also, maybe put it in  a warning box?

## Invite members

To invite other members to the organization,
go to **Members** -> **Companies** -> Select your company -> **Invitations**.

![Invite members from the Back Office](img/cp_invitations_back_office.png)

There, you can find a list of all invitations, copy their registration links
and re-send the invitation emails.

To invite new members to the company, select **Invite member**.

![Invite members from the Customer Portal](img/cp_invite_members_portal.png)

Then, in a pop-up window fill out email addresses one by one,

> or use a drag and drop to upload a file with an email list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or use drag and drop to upload a file with a list of emails.
```

> You also have to assign a role to each new member from a drop-down list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also have to assign a Role to each new member from a drop-down list.
```
that's assuming these are the same Roles as in the general permission system
